README.md, before:

# VClinic

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/475342521.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/475342521)

A portable and efficient infrastracture for value profilers. The document for API and developing a new tool client is described in [here](https://vclinic.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

## Pre-request

- Tested System: Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
- Tested Platform: 
    - Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2680 v4 @ 2.40GHz
    - ThunderX2 99xx (AArch64)
- Dependencies:
    - CMake >= 3.7
    - GCC/G++

## Building VClinic

Following instructions can clone and build VClinic with multiple example client tools:

```
git clone --recursive https://github.com/VClinic/VClinic.git
cd VClinic
./build.sh
```

## Testing

### Pre-request

- Python2
- GCC/GFortran

### Running benchmarks

We use Nas Parallel Benchmark (NPB 3.4.2) for evaluating the capability as well as the runtime and memory overheads of VClinic. For simplicity, we provide a script to run all the benchmarks with built-in example tools and collect the execution time and peak memory.

```
# evaluate time and memory overheads for all benchmarks and tools
./run_benchmarks.sh
# evaluate scalabilities
./run_benchmarks_scale.sh
```

During execution, the script will automatically download the NPB 3.4.2 benchmarks and compile for evaluation. After data collection, the raw data is located in `NPB-3.4.2/NPB3.4-OMP/run-<date>/`.

Commit message:

Update README with docker image link in zenodo

README.md, after:

# VClinic

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/475342521.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/475342521)

A portable and efficient infrastracture for value profilers. The document for API and developing a new tool client is described in [here](https://vclinic.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

## Pre-built Dockers

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.7311322.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7311322)

One can access to our publicly available docker images for X86 and ARM platforms on [zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7311322). For detailed usage of the docker images, please refer to the README attached with the image.

## Pre-request

- Tested System: Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
- Tested Platform: 
    - Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2680 v4 @ 2.40GHz
    - ThunderX2 99xx (AArch64)
- Dependencies:
    - CMake >= 3.7
    - GCC/G++

## Building VClinic

Following instructions can clone and build VClinic with multiple example client tools:

```
git clone --recursive https://github.com/VClinic/VClinic.git
cd VClinic
./build.sh
```

## Testing

### Pre-request

- Python2
- GCC/GFortran

### Running benchmarks

We use Nas Parallel Benchmark (NPB 3.4.2) for evaluating the capability as well as the runtime and memory overheads of VClinic. For simplicity, we provide a script to run all the benchmarks with built-in example tools and collect the execution time and peak memory.

```
# evaluate time and memory overheads for all benchmarks and tools
./run_benchmarks.sh
# evaluate scalabilities
./run_benchmarks_scale.sh
```

During execution, the script will automatically download the NPB 3.4.2 benchmarks and compile for evaluation. After data collection, the raw data is located in `NPB-3.4.2/NPB3.4-OMP/run-<date>/`.
